feat(components): updated the post-popover-trigger to enable the option of wrapping the popover (#6626)
swisspost/design-system: .changeset/late-planes-kiss.md

---
'@swisspost/design-system-components': patch
---

> Updated `<post-popover-trigger>` to provide the option to wrap the popover, as alternative to using an id reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updated the `<post-popover-trigger>` component, to provide the ability to wrap it around the `<post-popover>` element, instead of using the `id` and `for` attribute references.
```
